there's a proverb that says he who works
his land
will have abundance
but if you chase fantasies you lack
wisdom
and people say well what's your land
your land is what's in front of you if
you're in the seventh grade work your
seventh grade land
if you're if you're the cameraman work
your land
if you're a janitor work your land if
you're a single mother work your land
your land is what's in front of you
so i started studying the law of the
harvest of working your land to get a
harvest you got to plow the ground you
got to plant the seed
you got to water the seed
and then you reap a harvest
and i think that mostly in the age of
social media people see guys like you
and gary vee and others and they think
that they can go from bam to bam it's
not going to happen
you got to work your land you got to
plow plow plow plow plow plow and when i
say plow
i'm constantly building another person's
dream
this is this crap's not all about me
[Music]
hey everybody welcome to impact theory
today's guest is an acclaimed author and
life coach who has worked with some of
the biggest names in the world known as
the comeback coach he has helped to
rehab some of the most famously troubled
careers from robert downey jr charlie
sheen kanye west and stevie wonder to
quincy jones deon sanders and business
icon lee iacocca he's the one they all
turn to he's written nine books and
spoken in 75 different countries to
upwards of 85 000 people at one time he
was a featured guest on oprah's super
soul sunday and he is featured weekly on
steve harvey tv's facebook live inspired
by mother teresa he's also an ordained
minister who has partnered with
organizations across the globe to spread
hope and empowerment working side by
side with humanitarian organizations
such as the kids haven orphanage in
johannesburg south africa and the fred
jordan mission here in los angeles is
skid row as well as the tireless work he
does around addiction recovery it's
difficult to quantify the number of
lives that he's touched but it is
definitely measured in the millions so
please help me in welcoming the man who
quincy jones called a voice of
inspiration and hope the amazon top
selling author of come back and beyond
tim story
how you doing man good to see you good
to see you as well
super excited to have the comeback coach
on the show the people you've worked
with are really really extraordinary and
what i want to know is how do you help
them get unstuck and literally like
reimagine their entire lives so that
they can move forward again you know i
think
every one of us we go through challenges
the more i study people
when we're young a lot of us had
momentum
i remember as a kid chasing down the ice
cream truck
and flying kites and then life
interruptions hit
a life interruption could be
somebody's parents divorcing it could be
somebody getting molested
it could be addiction at an early age
and i just always had a heart for the
underdog
so it started with just helping people
in my city
that were hurting
and then it went to the nfl the nba and
then into entertainers so with
entertainers what i see is that they
have the same problems but it's
amplified because we all know about it
right
and what are some of those core problems
that hang people up is it their internal
narrative is it the way that they look
at the problem that they're facing your
own story is pretty interesting so your
father dies in a car accident when
you're 10. yeah and you and your
siblings reacted to that event pretty
differently yes um is there anything
illustrative in the different reactions
there that will help us see what to do
or avoid no doubt about it i was reading
one time about mike tyson the the boxer
that he never lost a fight
by being
uh
you know
a decision at the end of the fight
he only lost if he was knocked down but
didn't know how to get up and part of
that is is because
he was trained
to to win
and didn't know how to get back up
and so i find that a lot of people that
i work with
they don't know how to get back up from
a setback
and um
in my family when my father died at 10
he was just going to a restaurant to
pick up food
for my mother and for himself
and he was going through a green light
and a man ran a red light and boom and
took his life
so that quick man our whole lives
changed my mother whose first language
is spanish she still speaks very broken
english
she now had to raise five children
working at winchell's donut shop
for a shift and a half
so we went from like this happy family
with a lot of energy
to
hearing my mother cry for the first time
so i
handled it different than the rest of my
siblings and what do you think was the
key difference i paid attention to the
people that were around me i think when
somebody has a setback that number one
you you have to become awake again
because a setback can just really put
you in a daze
a breakup can do that someone who loses
their job
someone gets fired that's what i work
with on a daily basis
but
you know
what takes place so so many times
is that people
are they stay in their days and they
they're not awake so you have to become
awake and number two you have to become
aware
so you're awake
but now be aware like what's going on
around me
so wake aware then you got to take
inventory
because our lives were now different
than before the accident
the inventory is my father's gone the
inventory he's not leading us anymore
the inventory he's he's not being funny
in the house anymore so that's that's
intense stuff
so the the awake aware and the inventory
a lot of people don't do it and then
they stay stuck that inventory idea is
really interesting i actually haven't
heard you talk about that before but you
did um a sort of quick interview with a
lawyer friend of yours who'd been a
lawyer for 50 years helped people
through crisis yeah and you said like
how do you get through a crisis and this
answer was really interesting and it's
kind of along those lines and it's
understand your reality yes
why is that so important
because
what takes place in in the world of
fantasy
like if you ask any little kid
what do you want to be when you get
older they say things like a basketball
player or you know
i want to travel the world and i want to
do something big i want to be lebron
james a little girl real young could say
i'm going to be a princess
so all of a sudden
when you have a life interruption that's
major
let's let's say again your parents
getting divorced
divorce means divided force so you had
force
and now you have divided force
so i work with a lot of families in this
city
where their parents got divorced
and it took some of these people
10 20 years to get through it okay
so now
the taken inventory is being
real or as you said looking at the
reality of the situation you're now
dealing with so you could settle
in your setback
and i knew that there was something that
now had to be done in my family my
brother
uh
decided to smoke a lot of weed that's
what he got done
my sister who was a model decided not to
be around too much
my other sisters decided to just be busy
and i was the youngest by many many
years and it was me and my mother
in that house so i was feeling her pain
but in the midst of her pain
[Music]
created some decisions in me that
hell no i wasn't going to live this way
and i think that's why i became who i am
today yeah that's really interesting
that's um a pretty astonishing reaction
for somebody so young yeah i want to
talk about that awareness piece which i
think this is really interesting so
somebody um as somebody who's had to
terminate employees before you always
feel like
the person's reacting like you've just
given them a cancer diagnosis and you
get that sense of there's the fog of
they're not going to really remember
this conversation
how do you help people regain that
awareness which
man having watched people go through
divorce having watched people spend
decades like you're saying lost in that
fog
how do you help people climb out of that
i think that
what's important is for people to
understand
that that setback
is only temporary
and uh sometimes you have to go left
before you get right
and you know it sucks to think
i got to go left before i get right to
be left
forsaken
rejected okay
it didn't work
before you get right apropos germain in
the groove in sync we all want to be
right but sometimes you got to go left
before you get right so like when i
first met robert downey jr was in 1999
and he was very left and soon after that
he was in the cover of newsweek magazine
and they were basically saying he's done
so that was in the year
well he he's done okay since then
he became iron man
that that's one of the most
extraordinary rebounds yeah ever
and i know he's publicly shouted you out
as being the comeback coach yeah and
he's my he's my brother that's my real
brother there that's really incredible
so somebody that's going through that
i've got to imagine self-narrative is a
big part of this for him to be having
gone through what he went through to
have the industry say you're done like
there's no coming back from this and i
remember i'm as guilty as anybody from
the sidelines i was like
like yeah there's no way and when he
started getting roles again i remember
kiss kiss bang bang i thought they
really took a a shot on him and he was
amazing in that you remember and then
when he got iron man i was like what
yeah like this is such a crazy
turnaround yeah and he he seemed so at
ease and so i actually had the good
fortune i was on the set super briefly
of kiss kiss bang bang yes and so i saw
him super close and i was like wow like
he's really got an effortlessness about
him and i thought there's no way that
happened by accident this is the result
of a lot of work a lot a lot of work and
a lot of what we all have had to do that
have had setbacks and that is to
reprogram ourselves
because what happens is that when when
you have that kind of setback
what most people think is that they have
to become a discount version of themself
okay and so now you're going to end up
at one of those stores
that's marked irregular right
i won't mention different stars but
stars that you know stars that i know
the people that i work with
so many people have written discount
version of yourself okay but you have to
again
think to yourself okay i am left
but i can now turn this left into
something positive so what i teach is
you could turn your left into a library
of learning
and a sanctuary of going deeper
and so even as a ten-year-old like no
joke
i got the memo man and i felt that
someday
i'd have to rise up and and help my
family so i told my mother when i was 12
i said i got this
and and i did
and so i became very successful in my
early 20s and my mother's never had to
worry about money since
because it's just the way i looked at
life so i pushed a reset button and got
very serious about it
so you know in my left
i got right
through the library and the sanctuary so
when you're in the left and it's sort of
the
you know that moment where everything
seems so hopeless how do you
get people to begin um seeing the path
out is it just knowing that you know
sort of the buddhist mantra this too
shall pass is it really helping them
work on um skill acquisition like what
is it that you help people do to get
them out because i know there are people
watching this right now they're so far
left yeah they can't even see right
anymore
and so helping them get back on that
path really has to be like some serious
bread crumbs yes what are those bread
crumbs okay so when you're in that
setback in that pain
um
there are times you feel like you will
never get out
and that you will be a discount version
of yourself and that
what used to be your life is not going
to be your life and and that is not the
truth
but you may have a reassignment
okay so the key is not
to try to become the person you used to
be
and you may have heard this saying that
i say
because oprah winfrey loves his
saying
that
a comeback is not a go back
so
the guys i work with male and female
don't try to go back
that'll frustrate you even more
so now we've got to pay attention to
what we have now and what is what is my
new assignment
and you don't have to limp your whole
life in that new assignment because it's
a new assignment
so one of the cool things about what
robert downey jr is up to and you may
know this is that uh
himself i'm in it we brought in jake
gyllenhaal uh brent bolthouse you may
know
um
scott budnik from the hangover shaka
we got into arc helping prisoners
so so so robert went from prison
and now he's helping in prison reform
so your mess can become your message
that's really interesting so i have a
personal fascination with the prison
system and yeah so at our last company
my wife and i um we have a strong belief
that it doesn't matter where you start
it just matters who you want to become
and the price you're willing to pay to
get there i found that most people are
not willing to pay
much of a price or they don't understand
that something new that they can have
this reassignment yeah
but we
would hire people if they were a good
fit even if they had felony convictions
and so some of the most extraordinary
people that i know in my life happen to
be ex-convicts
what drew you to that and what do you
see is like that like if you were going
to package something up to give to them
what is in that package okay the the
thing that draws me is pain i'm drawn
i'm drawn to the underdog
i'll never forget in in sixth grade
there was a guy named dawn
and we were the two fastest guys in
sixth grade
so in the 50
he beat me but always barely
in long distance races we were always
neck and neck and in this particular
race
i was winning
and so it was a long distance race and
we we lapped this kid named freddy
but i i noticed that it wasn't just
because freddie was a a bigger kid
but it looked like there was something
wrong with him
and and something in me made me stop
i was beating don and i only had you
know you know been ahead of him a couple
of times in that particular race i
stopped and i ran to freddie and i go
are you okay and he goes no he goes i'm
having an asthma attack
so i grabbed this kid this is in sixth
grade
and took him to the teacher
and we and i made sure he got his
inhaler
so he could be okay
well one reason is that my sister
used to have asthma and she had asthma
attacks
so i cared
so i love the underdog
so i will even stop being in first place
to to to help somebody in need i love
that you were telling a story one time
of somebody that you were working with
if i remember right they were a famous
nfl star yeah and you took them back to
their school yes and put them on a swing
set that they used to swing on great
memory
what what happened there and what makes
that kind of moment so powerful it's one
it's one of those famous football
players of all time and we're driving in
his big old rolls-royce through his town
and he's he told me everything is wrong
from the rolls-royce
with all that money he was making
and he was coming to the end of his
career he goes everything is wrong and i
go oh man i said weren't you weren't you
raised around here he goes yeah man 15
minutes away but i don't like to go in
that neighborhood i go let's go just for
fun
because i'm always kind of up to
something so i took him to his inner
city
and i said
take take me to elementary school he
goes no i mean it's right down the
street so we pull up in his rolls royce
to his elementary school
i go let's walk in the school but this
was really cool
so we couldn't get in it was all locked
but they did the old-fashioned chain
leaked fences
and i go let's go over the fence and
he's like come on man come on come on
brother for real i said come on let's go
i got we got to get to the other side
and so
we start walking around the school all
of a sudden he goes
man you bring up some memories
i said let's go over here so we get on
the swing this big boy
on the swing he starts swinging he's
swinging and crying wow
and he goes you bastard
i see what you just did i said what he
says you brought me back
so i can remember what i came from i
said absolutely
absolutely
i have chills on my face right now yeah
see because
hey my dad died my sister died two years
later
being tim's story has given me a lot but
it's also kicked the out of me
there's a price
there's a price to do what we do
so for me i got to go back to that place
of innocence
and i got to hear that voice again
and i i that that voice aligns me
with
i'm not about
fame and i'm not about
getting more or rising to the top what's
the top of what's not the top i'm about
being a servant
that's how i started and that's how i
need to end
and and that's where the place of
innocence takes me back to
talk to me about mother teresa and this
whole idea of being a servant that's
pretty interesting when i saw that
i was like wow that's
for knowing where you go and knowing
what you do
there's actually a through line there
that i see that's really intriguing um
[Music]
but it's still a little bit surprising
when you imagine that picture of mother
teresa um
what was it about her that drew you and
how do you try to channel that energy
okay so just like i could just say this
to you i feel that a little bit from you
too in a good way
is that
i think there's times
that we're headed somewhere
and then people are in our posse going
oh yeah that's where you belong
you you are headed that way that's where
you belong so mother teresa
was a school teacher
and so she was she was headed
towards being a school teacher and and
moving up as a teacher but then she saw
something
see our lives are changed
two primary ways
education and observation
that's interesting one thing you'll find
about me i watch every damn move
everybody's making i'm always watching
so
mother teresa walked into the school one
day and she noticed the orphans had she
not noticed the orphans we would never
known of mother teresa but she saw the
orphans
and she said when i get out i'm going to
see if they're still there they were
still there i'm going to find a way to
feed them
so as a few orphans
she fed them
the next day was more orphans
she fed them the next day was more
orphans
so she got off which she thought was her
pathway
because she
heard somebody else was in
in pain
and that's what hit me man
because like i was headed to usc
communications major i had connections
there
with people that like where i was coming
from
and you know that's that's how i saw
myself in the entertainment business
but the more i saw people hurting
i wanted to be a humanitarian and the
the mother teresa's story of she was
headed somewhere but she heard the voice
of the hurting
stopped me in my tracks
yeah it's so interesting and i think
that it would be really easy given how
much you've accomplished to chalk you up
to he's just gifted anointed
um
but you have a concept that you talk
about that i find immeasurably powerful
called work your land wow what do you
mean by that
working your land
will change anybody's life
there's a proverb that says he who works
his land
will have abundance
but if you chase fantasies you lack
wisdom
and people say well what's your land
your land is what's in front of you if
you're in the seventh grade work your
seventh grade land
if you if you're the cameraman work your
land
if you're a janitor work your land if
you're a single mother work your land
your land is what's in front of you so i
started studying the law of the harvest
of working your land to get a harvest
you got to plow the ground
you got to plant the seed
you got to water the seed
and then you reap a harvest
and i think that mostly in the age of
social media people see guys like you
and gary vee and others and they think
that they can go from bam to bam it's
not going to happen
you got to work your land you got to
plow plow plow plow plow plow and you're
going to plant the right seeds
see if we go back to your life
somewhere somehow somewhere somehow
you were planting some good seeds
and one time
and if i bring up oprah once a while
because i love her she's she's my real
sister
we were just me and her in her backyard
and she goes i love to work your land
because
she goes it's right i planted the right
dog on seeds
see every day you got you got negative
seeds and positive seeds
and and people that are selfish man you
just plant
negative seeds that are not going to
come back positive
so when you plow and you plant the right
seeds
and you water them which is repetition
it doesn't look like it's going to grow
come on man you're working at taco bell
making gorditas taking care of the
chihuahua doesn't look like it's working
of a sudden man payday is on its way
and that harvest just starts to kick
yeah that concept of the seeds like
you've got a bag of seeds every day and
are you gonna plant you know good seeds
you're gonna plant negative seeds that's
interesting and i love what you're
saying about water is repetition
repetition once people understand that
to me i think the whole game unlocks for
them that and when i read about bamboo i
found that really interesting so bamboo
plant a seed for five years doesn't look
like anything is happening but it's it's
developing this huge ball of roots under
the ground takes five years and then in
something like three weeks it'll grow
30 feet above the ground it's crazy but
you have to have planted the seed
watered water watered it for five years
yeah knowing that
this repetition will pay off yeah great
great illustration
and it at that case no matter what
spirituality you have
you have to then walk by faith and not
by sight
so like when i was in seminary it didn't
look like i was gonna be tim's story it
looked like i was a dude just in
seminary does that make sense yeah of
course so it just it never never looked
that way but then i'd get these really
weird breaks
like i'd be speaking somewhere and i saw
this really famous celebrity guy
probably one of our best three actors
and he was there to watch me i was 24
years of age
then right after that
shows up reggie white
remember red white the football player
yeah he comes and sees me at another
city he's like oh man man i totally like
your vibe you're down to earth
uh i want you to start speaking at the
nfl chapels so i go to speak at one
chapel
and the guy comes up and goes man
usually they got their arms folded
they're all bored he goes you had him
laughing
and then everybody was in line
and i thought this is what they did they
kept saying can i get your number can i
get your number can i get you but it was
like stars of the nfl
so reggie white put me from
one team to the next team to the next
team next next thing i knew i was doing
seven of the top teams in the nfl and i
was life coaching people at 24 before i
even knew what life coaching was
so that was like a break
that's really interesting what are some
of the key insights into just human
nature that you had at that early age
that really allowed you to help unlock
people so what i would say to you
is what i had is
life experience
that i had not yet written down
but i had remembered
that's really cool so it's not like i
had a manual
but i had remembered
the pain of what i had gone through
the the
the the pain of
the the loneliness and the
the wondering
and so
what i would do is i would teach
on subjects that i went through
rejection
okay
fear
shame
guilt
and
you would have thought i was like a
executive producer for a for the ellen
show coming up with great topics
but i was i was just thinking about what
i went through
and then i'm going to create a message
on that
and it was like it was pushing buttons
because they were standing up and
wanting my number yeah yeah talk to me
about some of those things so you've
said never waste your failures which i
think is incredibly powerful yeah
how do you help people make use of their
failures what does that look like
so
most people make big mistakes
on a regular day
it's just a regular day
and now we got choices a choice is a
selection i got a choice
and usually
when they mess it up they made
a couple bad choices
and the choice created a challenge okay
so rather than
just talking about their failure the
failure they already feel
the failure they already heard about
mostly if they're
big and they're watching tv it's all
over the place
when i meet with guys sometimes for the
first time i'll never say a word about
the failure and it'll trip them out
they'll go tim when are we gonna talk
about the thing and i go you know about
the thing we're talking about other
things right now but it works
so the key then is to find out
what state
of mind
and what state was our soul in when we
made that choice
because i'm trying to tell you
when a person's at peace
they're not usually making really silly
choices
it's usually coming from a place that's
not so peaceful
so i i gotta try to help get him back
to that peaceful
place let's talk about that so is it a
journey of meditation is it a journey of
clarity like how does one get back to
peace so the beautiful thing about
peace
it's not it's not a spot like people say
well i'm gonna go to
marbella spain that's where i find peace
or i'm going back to egypt that's where
i find peace that's cool that probably
helped
you can like stop
bam right now and and have peace
you you can go into that place of
meditation how though okay
part of that is
i call it stop
look and listen
you gotta you gotta stop the noise
okay
you gotta look inside yourself
and then you have to listen
so let's just stop now
just go into a place of meditation
and don't think about where you've been
where you were what everybody's saying
about you
but let's
just
go into a place of being grateful
and you love that word too
you got it you got to go back to that
place of of being
of being grateful
it's this idea of you may not be what
you want to be but thank god you're not
what you used to be
and what i find is from that that place
of peace
okay
you you can
find a better place
to help
solve that
dilemma that you're in
because chaos will create more chaos if
you're not careful
yeah that is for sure so let's go back
to meditation let's define that so i
think it's really powerful and i get why
you have people start with gratitude
yeah that's such a i'll say weapon
to help people really get calm to change
their neurochemistry to focus on
something that's going to be helpful yes
um do you define meditation as simply
thinking about things you're grateful
for or or is there something else there
i think there's different things that
people meditate on to meditate is to
mutter or to have your mind set
to set your mind to mindset
so
um some people do spiritual meditation
some people think about nature
but whatever you meditate on mindset
okay
is
the whole being grateful
that does take you into a beautiful
state because then you start to
remember
that you're you're still living you're
still breathing you're you're still
alive
and then the second place i think that
we should go is you need to begin to go
beyond
your situation you need to think big in
small places that's interesting so so
let's say that
let's say you're you just found out your
son has a really bad illness
and somebody's working through that
it'd be it'd be so
easy to go singular see when somebody's
sick they usually go singular i'm hurt
i'm in pain you don't know what i've
been through you go singular
when you begin to think
beyond
you go plural
so you you go from being grateful to now
thinking big in small places and and
starting to be
thankful and grateful that your son has
doctors
and there is a a chance that he can be
better and start to see him better and
that's a technique i use on a daily
basis on my clients i read on one of
your instagram posts something i thought
was really great you said
i keep my mind set on possibilities
and yes i thought that was really
interesting is that
a tool that you've always used was that
something that you learned through a
hard time in your life and
how do you do that
okay
it's an amazing thing
about
the mindset as as you know because i i'm
studying you two
is that it's so easy to be driving in la
and just think about traffic
when i'm in traffic i think that i'm
gonna turn that situation into something
really good and i do i promise
i listen to to books on tape
okay
i have funny conversations with guys
like i'll call a guy and they'll go like
are you okay and they're like you never
just check in because i usually don't
have that kind of time
but now i'm in traffic like for an hour
and a half so i'm just like joking with
my buddies seeing what they're up to
so
that is a that's a choice that is a that
is a mind
set
right
so
i believe in having what i call a
miracle mindset a miracle is a
supernatural event it's extraordinary
it's beyond
okay
and i honestly believe this that the
more my mindset goes into a miracle
mindset
you see this in the life of ellen you
see it let's talk talk shows for a
minute ellen steve harvey oprah every
one of them saw themselves there before
they got there
so that mindset of the miracle mindset
took him into where first of all they
believed
then they
then they expected
so when you begin to get a miracle
mindset
and you start
meditating on what can happen
man
it's wild
what i saw
all is happening
let's talk about that so um putting that
together with what you said earlier
about watering it and repetition yes you
made a very similar body movement which
makes me think that they're related for
you which they certainly are for me yes
um
do you think of the meditating on what
could be as a form of like visualization
where you're meditating on what you want
to come true is it something like that
or is it different i think that it it
goes into phases the the first place of
meditation
could be just a place of
of calming
uh coming into a place of quiet
okay
because our our lives are so busy and
and there's so much disruption so i
think
the first phase of meditation is i come
into a place of quiet
and the second phase
is i want to then start hearing myself
your dream has a has a voice
and and i start i started hearing my
dream
like
tim you're going to make movies i i knew
that
before and then it was quincy jones
later that said tim you are made for
this this is what you're going to do and
i'm going to help you which he did
but i i i go from a place of quiet
then a place of of hearing
then then a place of seeing
the vision the visualization takes me
out
so the it's so important again not just
to be
inward no matter what you're going
through
get quiet
let the dream speak
but then you got to think outward
yeah even oprah she said that when she
was struggling as a teenager she used to
constantly just
see herself
at that place
did you see yourself doing better things
when you were little i did and i used to
fantasize about it and um that was when
i was little it was always
thinking about my future and what i
could become that would make me almost
giddy with possibilities which is
actually what first attracted me to
doing impact theory was so i big brother
for a kid in the inner cities south
central l.a
and
so i'm coming off of when i was his age
i would get giddy thinking about my
future and he did not yeah he didn't
even think about his future so for him
it was like just surviving and i'd never
encountered that it was one of those
where i kind of always thought everybody
thought about the future the way that i
did
and so seeing that whoa
like he does have the ability to do
everything that i've done but he doesn't
believe he has the ability to do it and
so he's got and i unfortunately didn't
understand it this well back then
but he didn't have the mindset that was
going to allow him to pursue that
because he couldn't sit there and
imagine and meditate on where he was
going he was meditating on just how do i
get through today okay so it's so good
and
even though you were helping him
unless he was
willing to change his mindset
he could just stay stuck because he's
now
not cooperating
with the process
see and that's that's the key is that me
and you can leave here today and go down
to places where people need help but if
they're not willing to cooperate
with the comeback
then they're going to stay in the same
situation you've talked about being a
voracious learner which i think is
really powerful how do you go into
something so like when you decided i'm
going gonna get into film and tv
production but i don't know anything
about it i don't know the right people
necessarily how did you begin to put
those together
and do you have a formal process around
learning or is it sort of ad hoc um
that's one of my favorite questions
anyone's ever asked me i am so curious
man if i don't know a word i look it up
i want the sin in them i want the animal
i want i want to know where it came from
where the dire word derived from
if i go to a country i'm all up in that
country i'm like
why where who how hot how cold who's
here what's there what's happened
so
now that i'm doing the movie business
and doing tv shows and doing plays i'm
working on a big 25 million dollar
broadway play right now
i didn't know anything about it so now
i'm all up in it
so
i'm in to watching plays hanging out
with broadway guys you know ask guys
that are like doing the best music
how they do it
and so
i'm really in a season of plowing in
this business so i'm always listening
i'm paying attention reading watching
documentaries man not a lot of people
can do the plowing phase they certainly
um they may be willing to do it when
they're really young but certainly not
once they're established that's
something i find really interesting
about you i mean you could easily
coast the rest of your life making a
fortune doing what you're doing and the
fact that you're reinventing now i'm
really blown away by that yeah in you i
think that's really really powerful
thank you if i could just take you
through something real quick see i think
people want to soar like an eagle but
you got to sit
before you soar you got to sit then you
got to stand and what you learned and
you got to walk it out
then hopefully you run that's passion
and then you soar yeah so so i'm soaring
in other places but in other places i
got to come back and sit yeah and most
people can't do that i think that's
really awesome and that whole work your
land work your life i just keep coming
back to that every day i'm working my
land every damn day i mean i don't i
don't want to be in the gym six days a
week but i'm over 50.
so i have to be and i don't want to
always
uh call the people i got a call
uh do funerals for people that
you know i wish i didn't have to do the
funeral because you know whatever it's
it's it's depressing some of these
places i got to go
but i i i do them
because
that's work in my land it's a work in my
land
that's so powerful
tim where can people find you
um
so i'm tim story s-t-o-r-e-y
dot com so tim's story.com
so um we do a lot of cool things and you
can find us all through that and then
you know we're on
instagram facebook
instagram is tim storyofficial
but they can find all things tim's story
timestory.com all right
and now i have to know what is the
impact that you want to have on the
world
another great question
[Music]
i think if i change one then i change
another person
so i i think about changing one person
because then it can have the domino
effect
you know
so mother teresa when they gave me that
book to read
could you imagine it helped
change the little timmy's story from
compton
and it had a dominant effect on millions
of people
so um
i want to know for i want to be known
for changing one person
and it went from there
it's really incredible man
plant those seeds
guys
this is somebody who will blow your
socks off if you give them half a second
work your land plant your seeds it will
change your life and as he said it will
change the lives of others tim thank you
so much for coming on those absolutely
extraordinary guys if you haven't
already be sure to subscribe and until
next time my friends be legendary take
care hey everybody thank you so much for
watching and being a part of this
community if you haven't already be sure
to subscribe you're going to get weekly
videos on building a growth mindset
cultivating grit and unlocking your full
potential